Text extraction with pandoc (#71)
dataiku/dss-plugin-tesseract-ocr: README.md

# dss-plugin-tesseract-ocr
Plugin for text extraction and optical character recognition (OCR) in python.

The plugin has five components (four recipes and a notebook template):

> - OCR - Text Extraction recipe: extract text from images using either the tesseract or the easyOcr engine and output a dataset with a filename column and a text column. This recipe has parameters to recombine multi-page PDF (for instance those that were split into multiple images in the Image Conversion recipe) into a single text row, to specify the language used in tesseract, and to remove special charaters from the extracted text. It takes as input a folder of PDF/JPG/JPEG/PNG/TIFF files (ideally the output of the Image Conversion recipe or of the Image Processing recipe).

Reviewer: I would simply rename it to `OCR recipe` or `Optical Character Recognition recipe` to avoid confusion with the `Text Extraction recipe`

> - Text Extraction recipe: extract text directly from many kinds of files using pypdfium2, docx or pandoc. It takes as input a folder of files and output a dataset with a filename column, a text column and an error column for when text failed to be extracted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Text Extraction recipe: extract text content from various file types (using pypdfium2, docx or pandoc). It takes as input a folder of files and output a dataset with a filename column, a text column and an error column for when text failed to be extracted.
```
